h1. Current State

Unit lookup data is complete; you can tap on a square and the unit's name, portrait, mode,
and original strength show up in the info box.

Units are configured in units.plist.

Map geometry, zones, terrain data, and terrain effects are read from map.plist.  (Terrain can be verified only through the log window.)

You can click the [USA] and [CSA] buttons to switch sides, and the sighting works correctly.

You can drag out orders for units; the line is in the unit's color. Backing up works.  Double tapping cancels
current orders.  Orders for other units show up, dimmed.  Order lines have arrow heads.

Mode menu button shows up and actually sets the unit's mode. Wrecked units can only choose Defend and Withdraw.

Info box can be swapped between upper right and lower left corners.

Moving into an enemy hex in an attack mode launches an attack, with a primitive animation.  Casualties are assigned and show up
in the Info box. Retreats and advances work.

Reinforcements show up; infrastructure is there to support arbitrary OOB manipulations based on user options.

Map and Unit compilers are implemented in Tools dir.

Game Options work, sort of.  The model logic is correct, but the views don't update for units (e.g. Bee) which
start on map but get changed to Not Appearing In This Picture or a reinforcement.


h1. To Do

h3. UI/Art
* App Icon (+ x2)
* Loading Screen (+ x2)
* Real map (+ x2)
* Info box (+ x2)
** move-to-other-corner control (+ x2)
** end turn control (+ x2)
* Unit Icons (based on mode?) (+ x2)
* Attack animations (smoke?)
* x2 unit portraits
* Militia, Volunteers portraits (+ x2)
* Begin Game dialog (+ x2)
* Game Options dialog (+ x2)
* End Game dialog (+ x2)

h3. Functionality
* Touching outside hex area should show iOS status bar
* Game#takeCasualties to reset attack mode when wrecked
* Real attack/advance/retreat animations
* May need to differentiate between a unit being "sighted" (i.e. enemy can see) vs "visible" (i.e. user can see)
* Units can retreat into EZOC (but shouldn't be able to)
* CSA AI attack subroutine
* add "friend" and "enemies" as methods in OrderOfBattle, use in Game#sighting
* MPs should be per-unit, not hardwired
* McDowell should be using dpt_xxx methods instead of enumerateUsingBlock:
* Need to wire up options dialog
* separate animation when entering woods?
* Larger info box?
* GameOptionsView edits
** initial state needs to be loadable based on current conditions (or not, because reinforcement info might be gone)
** disable once game is underway
* GameStartView + Controller
** USA, CSA, Free Setup controls
** Free Setup rules for UI and AI
* HMPathFinder needs to pass path (or something) to callback; can use that info to prevent traffic jams

h3. Organization
* probably should have a controller for InfoBarView

h3. API
* HMPathFinder doesn't need "minCost" parameter, since it can be inferred from the "map" parameter
* BATGame needs a "startGame" method (and can't use "initialize"!) so can restart after ending game
** "free setup" parameter
** "user side" parameter
* BR1Map isEnemy:of: => isHex:enemyOfSide:
* BR1GameDelegate isUnit:inHex:sightedBy: doesn't use "hex" parameter

h3. Bugs
* Deploying reinforcement nonreproducibly gets Access Violation
* Time widget sometimes shifts upwards a bit
* Shouldn't be able to click time while resolving turn
